Prehistory:
In 1957, a bunker was built under the KBTU University building (The Government House at that time) as part of a secret project to protect against possible nuclear threats.
One day in 2002, a student went missing after descending into the bunker walls. A search operation was unsuccessful, and the university administration decided to close the bunker permanently.

However, one day a master's student at KBTU accidentally finds himself alone in the building after spending a lot of time working on a science project.
Searching for the night guard, he enters a room with dim lighting of a lantern - the bunker.
The moment he walks in there, he realizes that there is No Way Back

At the surface, nothing seems so strange about this underground facility, but as the student starts descending into the depths of his university, he discovers things not only about the mystery, but also about himself.
As the student walks throuhg the hallways of the bunker, he finds notes that the previous missing person left as a guiding trail.
Along the way, the student faces an unknown yet extremely familiar entity - a 3 headed Witch. The player has to move fast and hide inside of a locker to not get caught by this creature.

The end of this maze is near. The MC approaches the final door to realize that it was a trap. As the merciless witch catches our protagonist, he starts to reveal more about himself.
He reveals that the entire sequence before was his nightmare, one that occurs every single time he goes to sleep. He is chased by the same witch in the same hallways every single day.
The witch turns out to be a distorted ghost of the main character's little sister who died at an early age due to a severe brain illness. 
The student loved his sister as he wrote in his notes (yes, yes, the student from 2002 in the MC's dreams is just himsekf from the past)
However, he feels immense loss, guilt and regret for not being the brother that his little sister Meiram deserved. As he start mentally unravelling himself, he suddenly wakes up.

He wakes up in the same classroom where he fell asleep. There he meets his old friend - Asem who teaches him to take care of himself mentally and tells him to live happily for the sake of his little sister's will, as she would not like to see her older brother mentally torment himself every day.
After talking to Asem, our MC understands what he should do going forward - he should treasure the memories of his gone sibling, but live on and try to become happy because his departed sister could not.
As time goes on, the protagonist stops seing the same nightmare in his dreams. He finally visits his sister's grave and comes in terms with his loss.
He starts to communicate more, and his life start to become better and better. All while the peaches and the cherries bloom around the building of KBTU - so mysterious yet so majestic
